[ Music ]
>> Hello again.
Welcome to "The Eleventh
House" with Robert Phoenix.
I am Robert Phoenix
and today we're going
to talk about Aquarius.
It's a very interesting sign
and it's a sign that has a lot
of personal investment
for me in a lot of ways.
Why? Because, well you're
watching "The Eleventh House"
and "The Eleventh House" is
representative of Aquarius
and I have four planets
in the eleventh house.
I have moon and Mercury and
Venus all in Libra conjunct
in "The Eleventh House" and
then I have Neptune, you know,
trying to sneak out of
"The Eleventh House"
into the twelfth, so I have
a strong relationship with
"The Eleventh House"
and strong relationship
with Aquarius as
a result of this.
And I've been trying to find
a kind of a balanced view
of Aquarius over the last few
months because in my early days
as an astrologer, I really
championed the sign of Aquarius.
I really felt like this was the
kind of the apex of humanity
and this is where we're headed
and we are eventually
headed there.
Pluto will be in Aquarius
after it moves out of the sign
of Capricorn, so we're
going to experience
that together for
better or worse.
But I really felt like
Aquarius was the apex.
It was the sweet spot of where
we could all come together
and realize our individual
divinity with one another
and the entire planet and
have a really omni-dimensional
and omni-directional
relationship
with all of creation.
But over time, I've
spent looking at Aquarius
as it relates to periods in
history and even individuals
and I've discovered a very dark
side of Aquarius, a very cold
and manipulative side of
Aquarius and, in fact,
it relates back to the
very first show I did here
on Gaiam TV in the JFK
timeline, which is the alternate
or the synthetic
version of Aquarius
and I thought we should get in
to that a little bit more today
and try to discover
what is pushing
or driving this cosmological
force of the Aquarian Age
and perhaps the false
Aquarian Age in our lives
and if we might be able
to rediscover something
much more authentic
and sovereign inside
of ourselves
so that we're actually
embodying the Aquarian Age
without its memes
or its programs
or its manipulation driving us
to operate and assemble in a way
that a particular type
of Aquarian consciousness
would lead us
and like us to cohere to.
So, let's get in to this.
Let's go to the first slide.
So, Aquarius equals
revolutionary times.
We're going to look at three
separate periods, actually four,
where Aquarius plays a
very large role in history.
We're going to try to get some
traction here to understand
when things change and
change at a very deep level,
there's always, almost always
this kind of Aquarian force
in the shadows and
in the backgrounds.
So, we're going to try
to determine the
source of rebellion.
We're going to look
at eras in revolt.
We'll spend some time
with radical personae,
people that embody the spirit
of Aquarius, both positively
and negatively, and how they
impact these eras in revolt.
We're also going to get in
to Darwinism to transhumanism
and there is a very strong
link between the two of them
and then reshaping the
body/mind consciousness.
Whether you like it or not,
we are moving towards
an Aquarian society
and an Aquarian output
of our human experience
and there's some
darkness that is related
to that and linked to that.
We're going to get in to that
later on in this episode.
So, let's start right here.
This is Thomas Moore and Thomas
Moore is known for standing
up against King Henry VIII
and Henry VIII was the guy
that had all the wives who
couldn't bear him a son
and he was, Henry VIII was
catholic, as was most of Europe
at that time, and Henry
VIII was getting wind
of the catholic reformation
through Martin Luther
and he was really
just interested
in the catholic reformation,
which would become
the Protestant church
because with Martin Luther,
he could get a divorce,
he could find a new wife, and
he could have a male child.
Now, he wanted Thomas Moore
to sanctify Martin Luther
and allow him to
get this divorce
and Thomas Moore would not.
Thomas Moore stuck to his guns.
He wouldn't let Henry
VIII push him around.
He spent time in prison.
He eventually was, he
was killed by Henry VIII.
He lost his head.
And he was an Aquarius.
He was born on February
7th and one of the things
that Aquarians are is
that they are fixed.
They have a fixed temperament.
Aquarius, Scorpio, Leo,
Taurus' are all fixed signs.
So when you get involved
with an Aquarius person,
you'll find that
they're very open.
They're very democratic.
They can be very progressive.
They can be high minded but
they have certain ideological
parameters that they
just won't move on
and the more you push them, the
more intractable they become.
And even though Aquarius seems
to be at times really open ended
in terms of its astrological
architecture,
sometimes it can be the most
ideologically driven sign.
So, Moore was rooted
in his ideology.
He was not going to let Henry
VIII get out of his contract
of marriage, which would be a
violation between Henry VIII
and the Catholic
Church, and thus God.
But in addition to
his staunch refusal
to grant Henry VIII a divorce,
he wrote a book called "Utopia"
and this is a perfect example
of somebody's personal work
matching up with their sign.
And "Utopia" was a
"mythical" country
that was an island off
the coast of Brazil,
where Moore creates the society
that has all these interesting
rules and regulations
to pretty much create an
egalitarian experience although,
unfortunately, his
utopia did include slaves,
which probably much
of a utopia for them.
But one of the other parts
that was pretty interesting
with his version of utopia
was that he had it close
to the mainland, which
was Brazil, right?
I mean, I'm not even sure
if there was an island
off the coast of Brazil.
I think it was all
his imagination
but when the population got
too larger on the island,
people would leave the island
so they could maintain a
manageable level of population.
But it all starts here
with Moore utopia.
I supposed we could go back
to Plato and we could go back
to Atlantis, which is really
where I think the Aquarian
Age starts, and we're living
out the incarnation
of the Atlantean experience
via this Aquarian Age
but in western society, western
culture, western tradition,
the whole notion of
Aquarius starts with "Utopia"
and Aquarian, Thomas Moore.
Now, the next few
slides here are going
to be anything but utopian.
These are depictions
of revolutionary
periods in history.
This is from the
civil rights era
in the 20th century
United States, obviously,
and the reason I brought this
up is because in 1962, 1963,
Saturn was in the
sign of Aquarius
and if you watched my first
episode on Gaiam TV about JFK,
you'll remember that I talk
about the position of Saturn
on the day that John F.
Kennedy, excuse me, was killed.
Saturn and Aquarius was right
on the ascendant and to me
that is the stamp in
time for the beginning
of what I would call
the false Aquarian Age
in the 20th century.
Now this is all happening
at that time,
when Saturn is in Aquarius.
We see this sort of roiling
kind of undercurrent of equality
in the United States trying
to bubble up to the surface
and some of it is
really legitimate.
Like, you know, we can't even
imagine right now what it was
like in the south
during the 1960s,
where you would have two
separate water fountains
for people to drink
water out of.
So, there are legitimate
grievances, social grievances
that need to be addressed during
Saturn and Capricorn, I'm sorry,
Saturn and Aquarius, and then
there's a whole other arc
which are sort of artificially
inseminated into the mix.
Okay, let's go to
the next slide.
Okay, this is the
French Revolution
and there are actually
two French Revolutions.
There's one, and they're
both quite important,
between 1787 and 1799.
This is the one that
Lafayette was involved in
and that was right on the heels
of the American Revolution
and Lafayette tried to
bring a lot of the ideals.
Lafayette, by the way, had told
Washington to free the slaves
and Washington didn't
listen to him.
Bad move, George.
But Lafayette was so concerned
about this whole notion
of slave labor that he
convinced France to let go
of slavery especially in their
colony, the new world in Guiana,
so Lafayette actually had a
pretty humanitarian impact both
here in North America
and at home.
There's the French Revolution.
Saturn and Pluto were in
Aquarius during the time
in the French Revolution or
this manifestation of it.
There's another iteration of
the French Revolution in 1848
and Saturn, I'm sorry, Neptune
was in Aquarius at 29 degrees,
the anaretic degree, which
is an echo going back
to the earlier French
Revolution, where Pluto was
in Aquarius and Saturn
was in Aquarius as well.
So, let's go to the next slide
and we're going to check out.
Let me see here.
The Bolshevik Revolution.
It's the biggie and this
is where this whole spirit,
this whole notion of the
kind of the anti-Aquarius
or the dark Aquarian model
really comes in to play
and this is between
1917 and 1919.
Mars and Uranus were both
in Aquarius at that time
and this is where
the whole notion.
When we think of revolution,
we don't really think
of the French Revolution so
much unless you're watching
"Les Miserables" at the theatre.
We think of this, we think
of this as the mother
of all revolutions
and it happens
under the watch of Aquarius.
Uranus and Aquarius,
Mars and Aquarius,
and the Bolshevik Revolution,
in my estimation,
was a bill of goods.
I mean, these people
were basically told
that they were going to have
equal say and they were going
to have equal partnership in all
the resources and all the land
and really it was
just a con job.
Really, that's what it was.
And they used the fervor and
they used the energy of Aquarius
to push this across the line
and as we saw in the 60s,
when we seen Saturn in Aquarius,
we see some of the same kinds
of echoes and reverberations
that we felt during the
Bolshevik Revolution.
We'll get in to that a
little bit more as we move
through the slide presentation.
Here's Abraham Lincoln,
who's a famous Aquarian
and what did he do?
Well, of course, he emancipated
the slaves in the south
but it was a revolutionary act.
I mean, he decided that he was
going to cleave the country
in two in order to make this
happen and one of the things
that a lot of people don't
know about Lincoln was
that Lincoln had decided to push
back on the banks of Europe,
right, the Rothschild-run banks,
and he decided that he was going
to create greenbacks and he
used greenbacks essentially
to fund the Civil War.
Now, the Rothschilds
and the banking families
of Europe were not that
happy with Mr. Lincoln.
They were even less
happy with the Tsar
and apparently the Tsar
had brought some ships
around to the United
States during this period
of turmoil right around the
Civil War and they made sure
that the United States was safe
from any encroaching armies
or navies coming
across the Atlantic,
so basically the Tsar
had Lincoln's back.
And what happened to Tsar?
Well, nothing good.
He was killed, murdered
family, and what do we have
with Bolshevik Revolution.
So you see how these
things kind of work together
and trigger events through time.
Here's Mr. Darwin.
He's an Aquarius and he is one
of the most important
figures of the 20th century.
Like him or not, his
ideas of evolution,
social evolution have been
applied and to, you know,
in my estimation a poor extent.
We've taken Darwin's ideas
and we've created kind
of a sociopathic version of
only the strong will survive.
Right? Survival of the
fittest, social Darwinism,
and that's the psychological
or the psychoemotional
effect of Darwin's theories.
Of course, there's the physical
effect of Darwin's theories,
which is the embodiment
of the perfect species.
What we're talking about here
is we're talking about eugenics
and eugenics was a
really popular philosophy
in science right around the turn
of the century even
up through the 1920s.
So this whole notion of
breeding people based
on either their racial purity
or their genetic purity comes
through Darwin and as we move
through this, we're going to see
that the extension of eugenics
and Darwinism is transhumanism
because the human body
is imperfect; however,
theoretically, if we can
transfuse synthetic biology
and artificial intelligence
as the human experience,
well we can make up for
all those imperfect spots
in our nature, theoretically.
Here we have FDR, another
Aquarius, and FDR presided
over the new deal, which was
in some ways a minor
revolution in this country.
It was the largest infusion of
government and the developments
of the works project
administration
and the implementation
of it resembles kind
of a socialist work program.
Of course, this is all
happening due to the fact
that the United States was
wiped out or the economy
of the United States was wiped
out during the depression,
so FDR comes in and decides
to put people to work.
During that time, there were
a lot of people that were
against this man
and they believed
that he was a dyed-in-the-wool
socialist,
three-term dyed-in-the-wool
socialist.
He had three different
vice presidents
by the way, very interesting.
But he embodies again this
Aquarian spirit of the group
or the collective and reforming
existing structures whether you
like it or not.
Okay, let's go to the next one.
Ah yes, speaking of reform,
this is Saul Alinsky.
Some of you may be aware of him.
He is the political and
spiritual inspiration
for our current president,
Barack Hussein Obama.
Saul Alinsky comes
out of Chicago.
He's an interesting character.
He dedicated "Rules for
Radicals to Lucifer.
He's an Aquarian.
Are you starting to kind of get
the picture here a little bit.
Saul Alinsky was a mastermind
around community organizing,
again a very Aquarian
activity, and he learned a lot
of his strategies by
hanging out with Al Capone.
Saul Alinsky studied
criminal justice in Chicago
and knew Capone from his days in
Chicago, so he was able to probe
and understand the psychopathic
mind and try to figure
out what made people tick.
Saul Alinsky was very into
understanding where the weakness
and the flaws in the human
psyche resided and if you read
"Rules for Radicals," you'll see
that those weaknesses are
exploited throughout that book.
It's kind of a key strategy in
terms of community organizing
but I wanted to bring him
up here because again,
he's an embodiment of
this Aquarian kind of,
I would say negative urge
to transform and to rebel,
and the thing about Alinsky,
which is interesting,
one of his rules for radicals
was it doesn't matter what the
issue is, just find an issue.
I mean, this is kind
of the embodiment
of the shadow of Aquarius.
Just find the issue
and work the issue,
freeze the opposition, polarize.
These are all very, very
important mechanisms
when it comes to enacting
the rules for radicals
and the techniques for
successful community organizing.
I mean, we can even see today
what's happening in Washington
and what's happening
in this country.
Every now and then you'll see
something that says, you know,
this is right out of "Rules for
Radicals," divide and conquer.
You know, when the
president chimes
in behind the Trayvon Martin
thing and it becomes political,
he's polarizing people.
This is straight out of Alinsky.
Alinsky 101.
Here's Betty Friedan.
She's also an Aquarian.
She writes "The Feminine
Mystique."
It's released in 1963.
Again, Saturn is in
Aquarius and we're trying
to create this synthetic
model of equality between men
and women, and feminism is born
out of this and where are we,
63, it's almost 50 years.
In fact, it is 50 years
later and, you know,
"the struggle" is still going
on to this day and, you know,
I'm not going to chime in too
much on where we're at with it
but it seems to me again what we
have is we have this synthetic
overlay of people coming
in to the collective
or the collective theatre
and they're giving us models
of what it's like to be equal,
they're giving us models
of what it's like to have
a free and open society
or communitarian society
but these models are
coming in from the outside.
They're not coming from directly
inside of us and I think
that that's where the real
Aquarian vibration is.
Let's go to the next slide.
This is Gene Sharp and
Gene Sharp is probably one
of the most influential people
of the latter 20th
century, early 21st century.
He's 82 years old
and he's a professor
at the University
of Massachusetts.
He's been nominated, I think,
three times for noble peace
prize and he wrote a book called
"From Dictatorship to
Democracy" and Gene Sharp is
into non-violent resistance and
his book, "From Dictatorship
to Democracy" has
become the bible for all
of the color revolutions
that we've experienced
over the course of the
last three to four years.
In fact, the whole "Occupy
Wall Street" paradigm was built
on Gene Sharp's principles
and, of course,
Gene Sharp happens
to be an Aquarius.
He's still around.
Let's go to the next slide.
There she is.
Oprah Winfrey, Aquarius, driving
the Aquarian message every
single day into homes
across America.
She is the goddess
of the Aquarian Age.
She is Isis.
That's Isis right there.
Ah, this is Ray Kurzweil.
Now Ray Kurzweil is the
father of transhumanism.
Well, maybe Darwin is.
Maybe he's like the
grandson of transhumanism.
But in today's society,
he is sort of the living,
breathing iconic
representation of transhumanism.
He wrote a book called "The
Age of Spiritual Machines."
He created one of the best
synthesizers of all time,
the Kurzweil synthesizer,
and currently he's
running Google technology.
This is the man in
charge of Google.
He came up with the whole
idea, "The Singularity,"
and the singularity is this
notion that machine intelligence
or artificial intelligence
will surpass human intelligence
at one point in the
not-so-distant future.
Kurzweil says the
singularity is here.
He might be right but
he is also an Aquarius
and he's bringing this notion
that we can take technology
and infuse it into our biology
and make us more perfect
or more human or superhuman.
So, this transhumanism is
the extension of eugenics.
Eugenics transforms
itself into transhumanism.
Somewhere along the way with
transhumanism and eugenics,
we have to take a
stop in Nazi Germany,
where they create steroids,
and steroids is kind
of this first again synthetic,
this anabolic infusion
into making people
into super-people.
The whole idea of
the super-soldier,
the notion of the super-soldier
also comes out of transhumanism
as well and eugenics,
so this is Ray Kurzweil.
He's the man of the moment and
right now we're going to start
to shift the focus a
little bit and explore
where I think the Age of
Aquarius, the synthetic Age
of Aquarius is taking us.
I just wanted to bring
this up really quickly.
This is US days of rage.
This is the poster that kicked
off the "Occupy Wall Street"
in New York and the date for
that was September 17, 2011,
and the number 17 is
really interesting.
Number 17 is in the
Major Arcana Tarot.
That is the star card, which
represents the sign of Aquarius.
So, here again, we
have Aquarius showing
up even though it's September
in the month of Virgo,
September 17th and we see
again, the kind of the echoes
of the Bolshevik era and being
revived under the auspices
of the star of Aquarius
on the 17th of September.
Here's Ronald Reagan.
He's an Aquarian and he
had his own revolution.
I mean, if you think about it,
the Reaganites brought
their own brand of change
and radicalizing America at
that time and America was coming
out of the 60s and
Reagan appealed to a lot
of the Baby Boomers, say, "Hey,
you want to keep your money?
Vote for me?"
That's the revolution.
He shares his birthday
with this man, Bob Marley,
who ideally typifies the
spirit of Aquarius, "One Love."
Marley, of course,
left us way too soon
and I think he was taken out.
That's my own personal
feeling about Bob Marley.
But, Bob Marley, the Wailers,
and everything associated
with Marley was Aquarian
to the core.
And Marley was on to
the Babylon matrix.
He knew what it was
all about and he knew
that the message was love and
taking care of one another.
To me, that is really,
that is the cord that needs
to be sounded about,
about Aquarius.
So if there's anything
you're going to take away
from this little presentation
today, besides the fact
that we're about to enter the
robot age, it's that we have
to retain our humanity and
that really is the pulse.
That's the pulse of the
real Age of Aquarius.
Let's move on to the next slide.
Here we go.
Now CBS is doing something
really interesting.
They are starting to offer
up a style of programming
which is promoting the future.
They call this predictive
programming.
They're getting you ready for a
social leap or a social change
and in this show, it's, well,
you can see this on this ad,
we'll get in to this ad in a
little bit, but on this show,
this guy is not human.
He's almost human.
He's a cyborg.
He's kind of a human, sort
of, he's like a replica from
"Blade Runner" and
it's a cop buddy show
and he has the ability to emote.
He has a little switch
over here, I think,
somewhere on that side, that
this guy can flick on and off,
and he can actually emote.
He can actually have feelings or
if he needs him to be super cold
and super didactic, I guess
he could flip another switch
and turn them back on.
What's also interesting
about him is
that he's obviously mixed race,
so there's this whole
notion of fusion going on.
He's human but he's cyborg.
He's black but he's white.
You know, he works
for the police
but the strange thing too
here is that this, you know,
there's this strange, makes me
feel a little uncomfortable.
There's a strange kind
of vibe that you know,
he's almost like a slave in
some ways because, you know,
he can flip the switch on
and off and it's an odd,
sort of paring, but what they're
trying to do is they're trying
to get people used to this
notion that humans don't have
to be human anymore and
here we can see kind
of the biometric imprint of him
putting his hand upon this grid,
which is probably
identifying him at some point
or somewhere along his
journey here, so this is one
of the programs that
CBS is bringing
to our consciousness
and our awareness.
Here's another one.
This is called "Intelligence."
Again, he's human but he's
got a chip in his brain,
which makes him more than human.
It makes him really special.
It makes him superhuman.
He's got great intelligence.
So, what are we doing again?
We're starting to wrap our heads
around the transhumanist
prospect and again,
this is a manifestation
of the Age of Aquarius,
where technology and
biology come together.
It's this fusion.
It's this perfection.
It's the sense of almost
like borgian awareness that's
flooding our consciousness
or will flood our consciousness.
Here's another one.
This is not quite as overt.
This is "Person of Interest"
and the tag line here is
"You are being watched."
So, in a society
of surveillance.
Look. These look like
constellations back here.
Don't they?
Yes they do.
So there's an astrological
component
that they're working at as well.
In a society of surveillance,
which we are currently in,
not only are we being
told by Edward Snowden,
but we're being told
by CBS on "Person
of Interest" these
two guys, by the way,
their specialty is
pre-crime, mind crime,
so what they're trying to
figure out is who's going
to do something bad in the
world and they're going
to use all this technology
in order to get
to that person before
they do the bad thing
to make the world safer.
And this whole idea of
surveillance and observation,
that also comes under
the Aquarian rubric.
Right? It's the all-seeing eye.
It's the collective that's
constantly being observed
and watched.
Okay, here we have Amazon's
new offering to the world.
It is the delivery drone.
These commercials are starting
to be seen on television
and on the internet and it
sort of speaks for itself.
Right? It's like, here we
have a drone getting ready
to drop off a package
you can order online
and maybe 30 minutes after you
order it, it's at your house.
What we're seeing again is
this incursion of this kind
of Aquarian technology,
making life simple
running, making life easier.
This is what science does.
Right? All these things that
were given to us in the 1960s
at the New York World's Fair,
they're finally starting to come
to fruition, the cell phone,
being able to talk to somebody
on your computer, having a
little helicopter bring you
a pizza.
It's all happening now and
it's all for your convenience.
Right? This is all
why it's taking place.
You can have more
time doing what?
Playing with more
technology, I suppose.
But this is where it's
headed and what's happening
with this is that not only
are they getting people used
to this, this is a type of
predictive programming as well
on a commercial level.
Well, they're going to
get you used to this
on a noncommercial level for
again surveillance, security,
all those wonderful
things that we need.
These devices are going to
be floating around the sky,
of course, for our benefit and
how they're going to get us used
to it is by bringing us pizzas
or burritos right to our door.
Isn't that fun?
Okay, so here we go.
This is from USA Today,
"Undergone Drone
Economy Takes Flight."
You know, when you
talk to people who are
in to drone economy, it sounds
like they're in California
in 1849, it's a new gold rush.
I mean, these guys
are really excited
about the economic
impact of drones.
It's like the internet,
only the internet for 1996,
and it's happening right
now and it's drones
and all these things
are happening sort
of simultaneously,
the Amazon commercial,
this post on "USA Today."
In fact, it's on the headlines
of the physical paper
of "USA Today."
So get ready for
drone consciousness.
Now, some of you
might recognize this.
These are chemtrails and,
in fact, Gaiam TV has
about four DVDs or they've got
four shows that you can watch
on chemtrails, which
I highly recommend.
And let's just say for instance
that the whole idea for you
and I, right, is to
become part of this sort
of synthetic biological fusion
that whether we like it or not,
that's kind of where
we're headed.
Now, you may say to yourself,
"Well, I don't want any part
of that," you know, "I'll
say no to a chip" or you know
"I'll grow my own food
and it'll be organic food
and GMOs won't affect me."
Well, you may not
necessarily have a choice.
Now these are chemtrails
and chemtrails are filled
with all kinds of
interesting things.
The first basic fundamental
element
of chemtrails is aluminum and
iron dioxide and all kinds
of metals, which make
them electrically charged,
but they also have found things
like nanoarrays and smart dust
and moats inside of
chemtrails, things so small
that they can actually pass the
brain/blood barrier and some
of the things that people have
wound up having to experience
as a result of chemtrails
are this.
This is what looks like
a chip, which was pulled
out of a person's skin
and this, I guess,
would fall under the
Morgellons category.
This almost looks like a silicon
chip that's got some hemoglobin
or some blood plasma
associated with it.
This came out of
somebody's skin.
So there are people on the
internet, there are people,
not on the internet, they're
in the world but they talk
about it on the internet.
They share their stories on the
internet where they're pulling
like this out of their body.
So whether or not
you want to be part
of the transhumanist
Aquarian wet dream,
you may not necessarily have a
choice because all this stuff is
around smart dust, smart moats.
They're not in chemtrails,
they're a reality.
They, you know, scientists
and research groups,
they will take smart
dust and smart moats
and they'll distribute them
all over the environment
to see how rainfall or
see how humidity or wind
or whatever kind
of meteorological
or climatological changes
occur in an environment.
The smart dust or the moats
will report back to them.
So this stuff is floating
around regardless of whether
or not you believe in chemtrails
or thinking you've got one
of these little pieces
of technology floating
around in your bloodstream.
It's out there.
Okay, speaking of out there.
This is the future of policing.
This is Robocop 101.
Japan, by the way, is on
the cutting edge of robotics
and at some point in time, we're
going to see a lot more of this
than this on the streets
and one of the scary parts
about robotics as law
enforcement officers is
that they don't necessarily
have a conscious.
Right? So, they'll do pretty
much anything that you tell them
to do unless, of course, Ray
Kurzweil singularity kicks
in to develop a conscious
and maybe they revolt
again their makers.
Here's another interesting
little image from Japan.
Now, this is a real image.
This is a real robot
and it's been developed
to help the elderly get in
and out of beds; however,
they're finding that when
they've used them in rest homes,
the elderly don't like them.
They don't like being
picked up by robots.
It's a cute little robot.
Isn't it? But here we
have a younger person.
Obviously, she really enjoys
being picked up by this robot.
She's got a nice
smile on her face.
But this is the future.
This is where consciousness
is headed in some ways.
We're going to have
to deal with this
and this is part of
the Aquarian age.
This is part of welcoming
this transfusion
of artificial intelligence and
ultimately synthetic biology
and where's it all headed?
Here we go.
There he is.
Terminator, Arnold
Schwarzenegger,
and where does Arnie
get his start?
He gets his start in the
future with the development
of Skynet and, of course,
the disaster that takes place
as a result of the rise of
intelligence in machines
and I love the eye
or horrors here.
They always manage
to get that in there.
But this is where
theoretically it's all headed.
I mean, we are on
that vector right now
with the transhumanist drive
in our culture and our society
and again, this is an extension
and manifestation of Aquarius.
But, there is hope.
The hope is you.
Right. You're watching the show
right now and you're seeing
where theoretically
this could head.
What can you do?
How can you stave off this
kind of strange mutation
and almost borg-like
consciousness?
Well, the thing that you can do
is to remain human and that's
to be conscious, to be aware.
How are you treating
another individual?
Are you compassionate?
Are you forgiving?
You know, how are you eating?
How are you growing your food?
How are you interacting with
people on a day-to-day basis?
How are you staying in
touch with your humanity
because every moment
and every day counts.
And when you let it go,
when you let your guard down
and when you act like
a robot or you act
with an automated response
or you act like a machine,
what you're actually doing is
you're empowering this type
of consciousness to
grow and emerge in a way
that may not necessarily
be that entirely positive.
Now, I'm not a complete glut.
I don't want to go
back to the middle ages
and I think we could
have machines
that we can work
together with, hopefully,
but we can't lose our humanity,
we can't lose our conscience
and we can't lose our
divine faith along the way
and if we don't, we're
just going to turn
into machines ourselves.
So that's it today from
"The Eleventh House."
I'm Robert Phoenix.
Join me next time, where
we explore more strange
and mysterious anomalies in
the astrological universe.
[ Music ]